                      GCP FUNDAMENTALS: GETTING STARTED WITH GOOGLE KUBERNETES ENGINE

1.CONFIRM THAT API IS ENABLED
2.START A KUBERNETES ENGINE CLUSTER
3.RUN AND DEPLOY A CONTAINER

##STEPS

1.CONFIRM THAT THE NEEDED API ARE ENABLED:
     Both the Kubernetes Engine API Container Registry API must be enabled

2. Start a kubernetes engine cluster by activating the cloud shell
    
    .Activate the command line cloud shell
    .For convenience, place the zone that Qwiklabs assigned you to into an environment variable called MY_ZONE. At the Cloud Shell prompt, type this partial command:
                     export MY_ZONE=us-central1-a 
    .Start a Kubernetes cluster managed by Kubernetes Engine. Name the cluster webfrontend and configure it to run 2 nodes:
                     gcloud container clusters create webfrontend --zone $MY_ZONE --num-nodes 2
    .After the cluster is created, check your installed version of Kubernetes using the kubectl version command:
                     kubectl version

    . The result is show after typing this where thr kubernetes is now ready to use:
                    gcloud compute instance list --zone us-central1-a
 
3.Run and deploy a container
    .From your Cloud Shell prompt, launch a single instance of the nginx container. (Nginx is a popular web server.):
                    kubectl create deploy nginx --image=nginx:1.17.10
    .View the pod running the nginx container:
                    kubectl get pods
    .Expose the nginx container to the Internet:
                    kubectl expose deployment nginx --port 80 --type LoadBalancer
    .View the new service:
                    kubectl get services

    .Open a new web browser tab and paste your cluster's external IP address into the address bar. The default home page of      the Nginx browser is displayed.

    .Scale up the number of pods running on your service:
                    kubectl scale deployment nginx --replicas 3
    .Confirm that Kubernetes has updated the number of pods:
                    kubectl get pods
    . Lastly confirm that your external IP address has not changed:
                    kubectl get services

4 Return to the web browser tab in which you viewed your cluster's external IP address. Refresh the page to confirm that   the nginx web server is still responding.
