                                   GCP FUNDAMENTALS: GETTING STARTED WITH COMPUTE ENGINE
1.CREATE A VIRTUAL MACHINE USING THE GCP CONSOLE
2.GREATE A VIRTUAL MACHINE USING THE GCLOUD COMMAND LINE INTERFACE
3.CONNECT THE TWO INSTANCES.



STEPS
1.create a compute engine virtual machine using the Goggle cloud platform(GCP Console)
       gcloud compute instance create my-vm-1 --machine-type "n1-standard-1" (3.75GB of system memory per vCPU) --image-project "debian-cloud" --image "debian-9-stretch-v20190213" subnet "default" --tags http
       gcloud compute firewall-rules create allow-http --actionALLOW--destination=INGRESS --rules=http:80 --target-tags=http

2. Create a compute engine virtual machine using the gcloud command line interface
      gcloud config set compute/zone us-central1-b
      gcloud compute instances create my-vm-2 --machine-type "n1-standard-1" --image-project "debian-cloud" --image "debian-9-stretch-v20190213" --subnet "defualt"

3. Connect between the two instances
    1. Use the ping command to confirm that my-vm-2 can reach my-vm-1 over the network:
        .Connect to my-vm-2:
              gcloud compute ssh my-vm-2
        .ping my-vm-1 from my-vm-2:
               ping my-vm-1

        .Press ctrl+C to abort ping command
       
        .Use the ssh command to open a command propmt on my-vm-1 from my-vm-2:
                   ssh my-vm-1
        .At the command prompt on my-vm-1, install the Nginx web server:
                   sudo apt-get install nginx-light -y
        .Use the nano text editor to add a custom message to the home page of the web server:  
                   sudo nano /var/www/html/index.nginx-debian.html
        .Use the arrow keys to move the cursor to the line just below the h1 header. Add text like this, and replace YOUR_NAME with your name:   
                   Hi from YOUR_NAME i.e NAME=EMEKA-NJOKU KINGSLEY
        .Press Ctrl+O and then press Enter to save your edited file, and then press Ctrl+X to exit the nano text editor.

        .Confirm that the web server is serving your new page. At the command prompt on my-vm-1, execute this command:
                   curl http://localhost/

             It will have a response which is:The response will be the HTML source of the web server's home page, including your line of custom text.         
        .To exit the command prompt on my-vm-1, execute this command:
                   exit
        .To confirm that my-vm-2 can reach the web server on my-vm-1, at the command prompt on my-vm-2, execute this command:              
                   curl http://my-vm-1/
              The result: The response will again be the HTML source of the web server's home page, including your line of custom text.         

    2. Copy the External IP address for my-vm-1 and paste it into the address bar of a new browser tab. You will see your web server's home page, including your custom        text
